WORK_LOG.md, before:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date         |    Time    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Update |
|:-------------|:----------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| September 9  |  1:30-2pm  |                                                       Started thinking about how to approach the problem, mainly brainstorming on paper. talked with classmates about different cases, specifically when the hospital cost is lower than the highway cost |
| September 10 | 10-10:30pm |  Wrote out pseudocode ideas, but mostly ideas in english of how to approach the problem. right now the best thing i can come up with is going through each possible combination of hospitals & highways, but I know that cannot be the most efficient way |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.

Commit message:

some pseudocode, started turning things into real code

WORK_LOG.md, after:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date         |     Time      |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Update |
|:-------------|:-------------:|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| September 9  |   1:30-2pm    |                                                                                Started thinking about how to approach the problem, mainly brainstorming on paper. talked with classmates about different cases, specifically when the hospital cost is lower than the highway cost |
| September 10 |  10-10:30pm   |                           Wrote out pseudocode ideas, but mostly ideas in english of how to approach the problem. right now the best thing i can come up with is going through each possible combination of hospitals & highways, but I know that cannot be the most efficient way |
| September 11 | 10:40-11:30am |  Talked with people and determined we really need to find out how many clusters there are, and then can calculate cost. worked on pseudocode, then turing that into real code. It really looks like there should be a more efficient way to do that that involves fewer for loops. |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.
